Added Raptor doc (#405)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/recommendations/raptor_integration/raptor_recommendation_blocks.md

- **Select content for recommendations** - Select content to be used for recommendations. This content is used as the basis for recommendations, allowing Raptor to suggest similar or related items.
- **Recommendations limit** - Set the number of recommendations to be displayed. Default = 4.

### Items associated with the given Content block

Generates a list of complementary and relevant products that customers often view with a given content.

> Utilize it to increase average visits on products to increase the average order value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increases average visits on products to increase the average order value.
```

To maintain consistency with similar sentences.
